Backlog - User stories listed in order based on priority.

1.	Written with JAVAFX as a web application
Story:  As a developer, I want the web application portion of this software to be written in 
    	JAVAFX.

2.	User should be able to register their account
Story:	As an unregistered user, I want to be able to create an account so I can vote without 
	having to wait in line.

3.	Login page should have the options of registering an account, or logging in with an existing
account
Story:	As a general user, I want to be able to login or register easily, so I can vote 
	quicker.

4.	The application should have two-factor authentication for security
Story:  As a developer, I want the software to implement two-factor authentication, so my users’ 
    	accounts can be more secure should their data be compromised.

5.	Two factor authentication should send an email to user's email upon login
Story:	As a registered user, I want two-factor authentication, so I can log in securely in case
	someone steals my password infomation.

6.	Passwords should have requirements. E.g. At least eight characters, at least one uppercase 
        letter, at least one number, at least one special character, etc.
Story:	As an unregistered user, I want the website to only allow strong passwords, so hackers 
	can’t access voting records easily.

7.	Passwords and other sensitive data (SSNs, Voter IDs, etc) should be stored and hashed with SHA-512
Story:  As a developer, I want the users’ sensitive data to be stored securely using SHA-512 
    	hashing, so their data is harder to steal or misuse.


8.	Registration should require proper authentication. E.g. Correct voting age, Driver's License 
        number, Voter ID number, last four digits of a SSN, etc.
Story:	As an unregistered user, I want to register using my personal information, so the vote on 
	a candidate is safe and free from false users.

9.	The application should verify the email format from input
Story:  As a developer, I want the software to verify the format of the email address the user is 
    	inputting, so they may receive proper notifications and two-factor authentication 
    	messages.


10.	Application should make sure the user has entered the correct email by asking for it to be 
        input again for verification
Story:	As a registering user, I want the program to double check my email entry, so my account 
	isn’t created with the wrong email, so my vote is mine and no one else’s.

11.	Application should have an inactivity timeout for security purposes
Story:	As a logged-in user, I want to be logged out after a short amount of inactivity, so my 
	account is secure in case I forget to log out myself.

12.	User should be able to edit their account
Story:	As a registered user, I want to be able to edit my account so I can change passwords or 
	Email addresses in case I forget or update my information.

13.	User should be able to delete their account
Story:	As a registered user, I want to be able to delete my account with this application and 
	service, should I decide to stop using it to vote.

14.	Admins should be able to add/remove races or candidates
Story:	As an application administrator, I want to be able to add or delete races or candidates, so 
	the voting is up to date and correct as well as encompassing all the races going on at a 
	given moment.

15.	User should be able to select from available races and vote from available candidates
Story:	As a registered user, I want to be able to select the race I’m voting in, so I can vote in the 
	correct elections.
Story:	As a registered user, I want to be able to pick from a list of available candidates within a 
	given race, so I can see who all is running and vote for my candidate.

16.	User should be able to vote for only one candidate from a selected race
Story:	As a registered user, I want to be able to vote one candidate, so people’s votes aren’t 
	counted twice.

17.	User should be able to confirm their choices before they submit the form or the votes are 
        added to the total
Story:	As a registered user, I want the system to give me a confirmation notice, so I can be 
	absolutely sure I have selected who I want to vote for.

18.	Application should be able to properly tally votes from users' inputs
Story:	As a voter, I want my vote to be marked and tallied accurately, so my vote goes to my 
	candidate and no one else.

19.	Application will notify users when the race has concluded
Story:	As a registered user, I want to have a notification when a race I have voted in has 
	concluded, so I can see who won or that voting is ready to be tallied.

20.	Application will display a graph of the total votes, and the percentages each candidate 
        received in the race
Story:	As a registered user, I want to see a graph of the total vote, so I can compare who won 
	and by how much in an easy manner.

21.	The application must perform well with a large volume of users as well as function 
        quickly over a standard internet connection
Story:  As a developer, I want the software to perform well with a high volume of users and 
    	quickly over a standard internet connection, so the users will be encouraged to vote with the application

22.	The application should be easy to use and accessible for the users, requiring less than an 
        hour to learn a basic understanding of.
Story:  As a developer, I want the software to be easy and accessible for users, so they will be 
    	encouraged to use the software to vote.

23.  	Written as an Android application
Story:  As a developer, I want the mobile application portion of this software to be written using 
    	Android Studio.